Who is it?
- Anwar Hussain. psychologist.
Whom do you want to meet?
- Ripper Ravi.
Anwar Hussain.
- Oh! Sir had told me you'd come.
Mobile and other belongings?
I've left them in the car.
Anwar sir. Namaste.
How are you?
- Doing good.
Sir. I will take him.
Ripper Ravi will
be hung next week.
Before that. the mercy plea
to the President has to come.
That will be rejected mostly.
He committed 14 murders. right?
When we asked if he wanted to talk to
someone one last time. he said no.
Suddenly he said he
wanted to talk to you.
Why do you want to hang
around people like him. sir?
People with different mental conditions
are our clients. right?
When I came the last 2-3
times. he didn't meet me.
Yeah.
- This time I'm lucky that he agreed.
Sir. do one thing.
Wait in the visiting room.
I'll bring him.
- Okay.
Namaste. Anwar sir.
- Namaste. Ravi.
Sit down.
- Sir. make it as quick as you can.
Call me if you need anything.
I'll be outside.
Sir. boys here said that nice Avil milk is
available in the bakery outside this jail.
You're the one who has come to visit
me in this jail the most. sir.
That's why I thought I'll do
you a favour before dying.
What do you want to know?
Ask me.
Ask me anything you want.
I want to know everything
about you. Ravi.
Your life...
The mental problems that you faced...
Everything.
Say it from the beginning.
Don't think that I'm correcting you. who's
so learned and experienced in psychology.
You've gone wrong. sir.
People call me Ripper and a cruel guy.
and what I have is not a mental problem.
It's ecstasy!
What is it called in English?
Yes. Ecstasy!
While hitting people on their
heads with a hammer.
there's a sound of their
skulls ripping open.
Along with that. when I heard the
wails from the crowd as well...
Tell me the rest.
Our childhood was good. sir.
Father used to work in a Tyre company.
Mother died when we
were really young.
We were 3 siblings.
It was good fun.
Fighting each other...
Swimming...
Everything!
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Breathe in... slowly.
Okay.
James. this is a temporary
emergency technique.
Next time. before you get
scared due to a panic attack.
control your breathing.
An ordinary cover like this.
should always be with you.
Blow into it.
and focus on your breath.
Heart rate will gradually
reduce and become normal.
Without going into a panic attack.
we can control anxiety like that.
Initially it will be difficult.
Don't mind that.
You don't need any medicines now.
Okay?
Her teacher said that she has
Samskruthy (culture) only in her name.
Answering back to teachers.
fighting with kids...
These are her hobbies!
That's why we call them
kids. right Fathima?
Yeah. right!
Right. dear?
- Yes.
Look at her smile!
Aniletta..
- Anwar...
Shall we meet tomorrow evening?
Tomorrow evening?
- Yes.
Okay.
- Good night.
Good night.
Anwar...
If you want to get the official
post of consulting criminologist...
... these are the rules
of the department.
And. apart from the Masters in
psychology that you have now.
you'll have to get a diploma in
criminology from a good place.
Since you have crossed the PSC age limit.
I don't know how the posting would be.
I've already stuffed you in as Kochi police
department's consulting criminologist.
You know. right?
So you also get small favours. Anilettan...
I mean. 'Sir'.
And... I am preparing for PhD which
is bigger than this diploma.
For that. I need real field experience.
by coming on the crime scene.
I'm not saying anything because you're
capitalizing our friendship for a good deed.
You go and get your PhD.
Let's see.
If you are so interested
in investigating cases...
why don't you shut down the clinic.
and start a good detective agency?
I should set it up slowly.
We can actually...
go to my apartment. have a couple of
drinks. and discuss about this in detail.
What say?
So be it.
It's about work. right?
- Yeah. right!
Driver bro...
If you see some shop.
please stop.
I need to smoke.
If I reach home. my
wife won't allow it.
That's how it is. sir.
If we smoke at home.
our family will catch us.
If we smoke outside.
police will catch us.
Poor smokers!
But everyone wants the
tax money we pay...
by burning our lungs
like sponges.
Caesar!
Beware the Ides of March. Caesar!
Wow!
You're speaking great English!
That too. Julius Caesar!
- Yeah! Yeah!
Do one thing.
Here.
Have a tea.
Tomorrow!
Sleep very well tonight. Caesar.
You will lose your
sleep very soon.
Your sleepless nights are coming.
When no one can work...
When they alone can work...
Those nights are coming!
Your sleepless nights are coming!
Anwar...
My dear Anwar!
Just because some mad-man
blabbered something.
why are you losing sleep over it?
No. Fathima.
It wasn't just a random
mad-man blabbering.
I feel like...
... some danger is
about to happen.
That will definitely happen.
If you talk about this again.
I'll say that you are hallucinating.
and that mad-man is your alter-ego.
and send you to a mental asylum.
You are not just Caesar.
You are Macbeth. who hallucinates.
Don't you have any other job?
Don't worry about the 350 Rupees
you lost today. DySP sir.
We'll get it back
tomorrow during the rummy game.
Hey! 350 damn bucks!
Don't throw your arrogance of
winning for the first time. to me.
This Abraham Koshy can get back
3500 Rupees tomorrow. if I want to.
Hey! Now don't go home and tell
your wife that you lost money.
One kick I'll give you!
I know how your wife beats you
up. when you go home drunk.
So you turned into a policeman
finally. huh? - Go! Go! Go!
Okay then.
- Good night.
Power is gone?
Who's that?
Who is it?
It's the police.
Think once more before
taking the next load.
Chetta. don't go there
and create trouble.
They are all big shots.
It's been 1.5 weeks
since we got our wages.
Chetta. that's true.
Let's try to get the money somehow.
If not this job.
we can go for another job.
That's true.
but if we don't get a job...
What we have to say...
- Chetta. stop.
What's over there?
Has someone passed out after drinking?
- There's blood on him.
Let me go see if it's
someone among us.
Chetta. don't get into trouble.
We don't know what it is. Let's go
bring the supervisor. That's better.
Hey Ganesh!
Depression is a very common
mental condition. Amritha.
Didn't you ask me why you
have this condition?
Why?
Because you have a mind.
You said yourself that you feel
sad for no particular reason.
So you know yourself. that you don't
have anything to feel sad about.
Right?
You have a great mind...
and you don't have anything to feel sad
about. So you should be sleeping well. right?
There are some tricks for that.
I'll tell you about that.
Just a second.
Yes. Aniletta.
When you spotted the body in the evening.
how many people were there in the ground?
Sir. me. him and
two JCB operators.
Are you all drivers?
- Yes. sir.
Koshy sir's eyes and heart have
been carved out from his body. sir.
Anwar...
- Sir.
DySP Abraham Koshy.
He only had 3-4
months to retire.
He had informed his wife that he'd be
late after playing rummy at the club.
So his wife served food on the table.
and went to sleep early.
He didn't reach even in the morning.
She panicked slightly.
She tried calling him many times.
and there was no response.
The guy who delivers milk there
in the morning. found the phone.
He found it on the way
to Koshy's house.
He gave the phone to Abraham Koshy's house.
seeing his family photo as the screensaver.
His wife immediately
informed the control room.
And some time back.
the workers here saw the body.
I called you thinking that it would
be a field experience for you.
Sir...
- What's the status?
Sir. there are more contract workers here.
than regular workers.
We're getting details of all of them.
- Okay.
Anything here?
Anything like a chance print?
Nothing. sir.
We examined all the articles
at the scene of crime.
No chance prints. sir.
- Nothing? - Nothing. sir.
And you?
- I've collected a few items.
I'll have to send them to the
lab for detailed examination.
I'll hand it over to you now. sir.
Okay.
The forensic department's work is over.
You may go in and check if you want to.
Go in and see!
He has applied a lot of perfume!
That's why the dog squad
couldn't find anything.
But why did they chose this gypsum
ground to dump the body. sir?
There are many workers here. right?
Those who did this are particular that this
body should be discovered. at the earliest.
'Fifth Midnight'
Death has happened around
6 AM yesterday morning.
Cause of death is due to
carving out the heart.
But before that. both his
eyes were carved out too.
While carving all that out.
he was still alive.
So brutal!
When this process was happening.
he was tied up strongly with something.
Apart from that. there are no signs of
struggle or force being used. on his body.
Perfume was applied all over his body.
This is the primary analysis.
Rest I can tell you after the
examination of body fluids.
Anything yet. Anil?
Commissioner has asked
for a primary report.
We can give the report. Madam.
Forensic will give us the report soon.
Who is this?
He is... Well...
He is a consulting criminologist who
helps us when such cases come up. Madam.
Anwar Hussain.
Carry on. Doctor.
Make it fast.
Sure. Madam.
- Yes. Ma'am.
The forensic department has examined
the body thoroughly. Madam.
They couldn't find even a strand of hair or
fingerprint. which is not Abraham Koshy's.
Anwar. what are your thoughts?
I don't think this is a crime of passion.
committed out of a sudden burst of anger.
Planned abduction...
And to carve out the eyes and heart
without any other physical tortures.
The emotion driving the
criminal might be revenge...
or a mental illness!
I cannot say anything more during
this primary stage. Madam.
Even I feel the same.
Okay.
Enquire about our
murdered DySP's past.
The cases he investigated earlier. any
controversies. and everything like that.
Yes. Madam.
- Anil. you set up a team.
Immediately. Ma'am.
Let me discuss with the Commissioner.
You guys carry on.
Thank you. Ma'am.
- Okay. Madam.
Sir. forensic couldn't find anything that
could lead us to the culprit or his motive.
What about your team?
ACP Anil Madhavan and 3 inspectors under
him. are in the special investigation team.
The SIT office has been set up
in the ACP's office itself. sir.
Catherine. it's a DySP
who has been murdered.
If you don't solve the
case at the earliest.
it would affect the confidence
of the entire department.
So. do whatever it takes.
- Sir.
Do you know of Abraham
Koshy having any enemies?
No. Not to my knowledge.
Such a nice colony.
and there's not even a CCTV.
Someone like Abraham Koshy going without
even a struggle. leaving his phone behind...
Either he was threatened using a gun.
and taken in a vehicle.
Otherwise someone he already knew.
must have killed him.
No! If it was someone he knew.
he won't have to leave the mobile behind.
Koshy sir's wife and his friend Alex.
have only the same things to say.
Pradeep!
What's happening over there?
Sir. neighbours are saying
that they didn't see anything.
It was late in the night. right?
And we couldn't find any
Tyre marks clear enough
to identify the kidnappers' vehicle.
Many vehicles pass through
this route. right?
Anyway. we'll know when the
forensic report comes. sir.
Whether something like
chloroform has been used.
Chloroform!
Isn't that a possibility?
That happens only
in the movies. sir.
During the 30 seconds to one minute it
takes for someone to lose consciousness.
he can resist.
If Abraham Koshy has resisted.
his children were studying
so close by. right?
They would have heard some
sound and looked here.
Someone who was sure in some way that Abraham
Koshy wouldn't resist. has done this.
Something about this case is not right.
Maybe we...
I mean... maybe it's because it's the
first high profile case I am handling.
Crap!
This was done by someone
with a grudge against him.
Wait and watch.
My dear Anwar...
Just have this drink!
Don't stress your brain too much!
After a month.
my wife and child will come back.
After that. we won't be able
to do this here. Got it?
Leave it. man!
The examination of internal
organs and body fluids is over.
The medical content Zolpidem was found
in huge doses in Abraham Koshy's body.
It's a medicine given to people
who can't sleep. usually.
Abraham Koshy didn't
have any sleeplessness.
When Doctor told me about this.
I spoke to his wife.
And she says that he didn't
use any kind of medicines.
What if he was using it
without his wife's knowledge?
That's a possibility.
Consider that the killer gave him the
medicine. without Koshy's knowledge.
Even then. Koshy wouldn't fall asleep at
the time or place he intended. right?
That's your headache.
I just told you about a finding.
Here's the final report.
Okay.
Madam. he was an officer with
an amazing track record.
Since he didn't budge for influence
or threats from many people.
he was transferred 17
times in his career.
So we can find a list of people with
reasons to kill him. if we search.
Apart from the fact that there were
traces of sleeping pills in his body.
we don't have any
specific leads. Madam.
And as Pradeep said. we have to see
if criminals he arrested earlier
had some grudge against him.
Something like that...
Yes. Anwar.
- Aniletta...
It is a gut feeling of mine.
Pay attention.
Majority of the killers in the world
who have done such signature murders.
have not stopped with one.
As long as they are not caught.
they get more excited.
The ecstasy they get while killing...
For that. they will
commit more murders.
In our case. I think police
officers might be his main targets.
Do one thing. Anilettan.
Declare a red alert within the department.
At least internally in Kochi city.
My dear Anwar...
You mental health
experts have a problem.
You will see a mental patient
in every human being.
Because that mental patient is actually
you. the mental health expert.
So please hang up. you mad man!
Let me sleep.
Please.
Aniletta. I...
We went for a movie. sir.
- For a movie? - Yes.
Yes. sir.
I swear.
What's the relation
between you both?
She's my friend. sir.
If their papers are
okay. let them go. man!
We are Kerala Police and
not moral police. right?
Having fun at their expense?
Sir has gone with his phone
at midnight. as usual.
Sir is married. right?
And wife left to UAE very soon.
So they would have
a lot to talk.
What's your name?
- Samson.
He has asked me to come
tomorrow. for the loan.
It's okay.
Have they slept?
How's your fever now?
Okay now?
Oops.
The power has gone here.
Power never goes off there. right?
I'll call you back.
Hang up.
Who is in the vehicle?
Are you guys boozing?
Where did sir go?
Did he go all the way to Dubai
to continue the sweet talk?
Call him on his phone.
Will we get through?
He's busy all the time.
Try calling him.
Hey! Isn't that sir's phone?
Why is it lying here?
Where did sir go?
Manoj sir!
- Manoj sir!
Yes. Anil.
What?
It's been around one hour.
- Who all were here then?
It was me and him.
Sir stepped a little
away to make a call.
When we came looking.
we found the mobile.
Madam is here.
Madam...
- Come on. Anil. Brief me!
Madam. it's been more than one
hour since he went missing.
I think he moved this side
to attend his wife's call.
And? - The mobile was
found around that area.
We searched the entire place and
couldn't find him. - Here's the mobile.
Madam. I think...
Anil. set up all the inspectors
of the city police station limit
for a conference call.
- Yes. Madam.
And let's get to the control
room immediately. - Yes. Madam.
All set. Control.
Tiger calling.
Police should stand guard at
roads to all deserted areas.
There's no on-duty or off-duty.
All police officers should be positioned
at different areas in the city.
And we should not allow the
body to be dumped in any way.
Along with that. if you see any suspicious
building or vehicle. check immediately.
Alpha calling all units.
We are dealing with a
very dangerous criminal.
Ensure that all CCTV cameras of the
police and others. are kept on in the city.
Message has been passed to all
station limits to do that.
That must be followed
up continuously.
Over.
Madam. I've sent 15
more policemen on duty.
Hurry up. Anil.
Yes. Ma'am.
Carry on. carry on!
It's all getting messed up. Anil.
Madam...
Anwar had called me
the other night.
He said that if we don't catch the killer
soon. there would be more murders...
and he suggested that we should declare a
red alert in the department internally.
But I didn't take it
seriously then. Madam.
Who's going to come to this place.
where there's not even a dog in sight?
This DCP is just making us
lose our sleep in vain.
But sir. what if they come
this way thinking like that?
A vehicle is coming. sir.
They have stopped there.
Come. let's see.
Control P10...
Mobile answering.
A vehicle has seen us and stopped.
at Mahatma road.
No one has stepped out yet.
Over.
Come on. send them back up.
Quick!
Alpha 3 answering.
CRV 3 go to Aroor Mahatma
road immediately.
Check the vehicle that has been
stopped there. immediately.
They are going back!
Hey!
Hey! Stop!
Stop the vehicle!
Stop. I say!
Stop it!
Hey!
Where are you going.
fooling the police?
Get down!
These are all packets.
Control P 10.
Mobile answering.
They were Pan Masala sellers.
I think they were planning
to smuggle it via Vypin.
Sir. tea.
I don't want it. Give it to Madam.
- Okay. sir.
Ma'am. tea.
All set. control.
Tiger answering.
Good job. guys!
Whoever the killers are.
until now...
I mean. like earlier...
they haven't been able
to dump the body.
If they make such an attempt.
we will know about it.
Until then. the duty time for
everyone would be 24 hours.
Next update in 2 hours.
Sir. is there any direct connection between
creativity and psychological abnormality?
William Shakespeare.
Abraham Lincoln.
It is said that such geniuses
had slight problems.
But saying that every creative person...
... has intellectual or emotional
deviations. is not totally right.
For example...
I am not creative at all!
Your teacher and my dear wife. Mrs. Fathima
alleges that I have tremendous mood swings!
So we can't say conclusively
now
that there is some direct connection
between creativity and abnormality.
Started with complaints
in the morning itself?
Good morning!
For further reading on this topic.
I suggest...
More than books by
foreign writers...
Books by Dr. Benjamin Louis. who's
an Indian writer and a Malayali.
Because the case studies & examples he has
referred to are a little more localized.
We can relate to them quickly.
So. remember the name.
Dr. Benjamin Louis.
One second.
Hello?
What happened?
What?
Okay.
Sorry guys. I have to go.
There's an emergency.
We can continue during
the next session.
And you can get this book online. okay?
Good day and take care.
What happened?
- Get my laptop and bag. okay?
Yes. sir.
My driver Paulson
saw the body. sir.
We haven't informed the dog squad. The body
has been sprayed with perfume like earlier.
When was the body spotted?
- This morning. sir.
Who saw it?
It was driver Paulson. sir.
Okay sir.
I'll call you.
Anil...
- Ma'am...
Yes? - There were guards only
in front of the office.
No one bothers about the back side.
because there are CCTV cameras there.
I double checked it. Ma'am.
Arun. send the body for postmortem quickly.
- Yes. Ma'am.
Only one of us need to be here.
Rest of the team should assemble
in the office. - Okay. Ma'am.
Get all the CCTV footage.
- Yes. Ma'am.
Anwar. I think you were right.
We have a serial killer.
A killer who targets police officers.
Madam. I didn't say this at the
crime scene in the morning.
When we checked the footage.
there was a complication.
What complication?
Continue playing.
There's no visual of
the body being dumped?
Check the date again. Preeti.
Time and date are correct. Ma'am.
I will play it from the CCTV
cloud server once again.
What is this?
Magic which fools the CCTV?
What's happening?
Will it be the Illuminati like what the
boys talk about these days. Madam?
What say?
Preeti. pause it!
Go back!
3 AM in the morning.
Pause it!
Ravana!
I didn't get you.
The Ravana sculpture being taken
for the Andhakaranazhi Karyad
Goddess Seeta's temple festival.
Such sculptures are used for festivals
in this part of the city. over there.
This is made in Vypin.
They usually take it through
this short cut to avoid traffic.
So?
Madam. the festival which has been
happening for the past 3 days
ended today early morning.
This sculpture is being taken
for the festival there.
That means. the visuals we're seeing
now are from 2 or 3 days earlier.
I am 100% sure.
What if it is being brought
back after the festival?
No!
Because the finale of the festival
is a ceremony of setting this
Ravana sculpture on fire.
3 days before that. this
sculpture should be there.
What do you mean. Anwar?
I think we have been hacked.
Someone has tampered with the
CCTV and changed the visuals.
Find a God damn expert!
And Preeti. check if
what Anwar said is right.
Yes. Ma'am.
Madam...
The incident happened
just like last time.
No eyes.
No heart.
Cause of death is the same.
Nothing that can be identified as
the culprit's. like fingerprints.
Even the perfume content
on the body is the same.
And this sculpture...
Wiped clean!
Not even one fingerprint.
Strange!
No sculptor's name or brand name...
Nothing!
A custom made bronze 'Goddess of Law'
It is strange...
... but for another reason.
Eyes which are
sculpted beautifully.
Instead of covering the
eyes with a black cloth
like in usual 'Goddess
of law' sculptures.
a 'Goddess of law' who sees everything.
And the face is not done in the Greek
reference which is used usually.
It seems more like a
Malayali kind of face.
If the killer has left such a
signature behind this time.
we should guess that he
wishes to give a message.
to someone in the police force
or to the entire police force itself.
Or it might be a move
to mislead us totally.
Then why this time?
Last time there was
no sculpture. right?
So... has someone else
done this murder?
Madam...
Anwar was right.
These visuals are part of the footage
from 3 days earlier as well.
Preeti...
- Yes.
Photo No. 5.
Show it on the big screen.
Zoom it.
Go to the top left corner.
Near that stone.
There!
Isn't this an edge
of a similar sculpture?
Oh God! He was there!
The whole time!
- Arun! Pradeep!
Immediately!
- Sir!
Phew! You scared me!
How many passwords
did you get. Andrew?
I was listening to music. sir.
I've been seeing you ever since your
mom brought you to me for counseling.
Your hacking and creation
of pirated codes!
Back then. this sir had asked
only one thing to you. right?
What was it?
Hacking skills are good but I should use it
in a way that's beneficial for the people.
And did you obey that?
- No.
No.
A ghost will come and catch
such disobedient children.
Ghost?
Look!
Where are you going?
Come here.
Won't you drop me home?
- Get inside.
Let me see if I can
teach you some decency.
Andrew. explain everything
to Madam once more.
Ma'am. this guy is a very
sophisticated techie.
If the CCTV footage has to be tampered.
you need to know the CCTV model number.
and the user name and password.
Anybody like me can get the user name
and password using the app 'Angry IP'.
But...
To delete the video footage.
and replace it.
you have to be really good.
You know!
After checking where there's a
loophole in the video recording.
and then making
codes accordingly.
and make a software
for that and hack it.
That's done by people who
play only in the dark web.
If he has done so much work already.
your phone numbers.
what all you do in the morning.
he would know all that.
Like. you know. he's always
2-3 steps ahead of you guys.
You know...
You should see your faces now.
Anwar. call Andrew's family
and make him stay here...
... as part of our team.
Until the case is over.
- Okay. Ma'am.
You should check if there
are security issues.
in every internal and personal
website of the police.
Anil...
- Yes. Ma'am.
Release the photographs of the 'Goddess
of Law' sculpture to the media. - Yes.
If we can find the sculptor or
any such details related to it.
it will be really helpful.
Yes. Ma'am.
All right.
This 'Goddess of law' is not an item
that has a lot of movement. sir.
After we brought 3
pieces here long back.
we sold only two in so many years.
One. to Kakkanad Court.
Another one was bought
by an advocate.
The remaining one is
lying there. all dusted.
Sir. that chick?
Since it has closed eyes all the time.
no one checks the finishing of her eyes.
But this sculpture you brought?
Its eyes have a great finish.
Someone got this custom made.
That's sure.
Instead of going to many shops...
There are people who sculpt with
bronze or copper. using old methods.
It would be better to
enquire among them.
Hey! To borrow your words.
something about this
case is not right.
When you said it that day.
I didn't take it seriously.
But now...
there is some spelling mistake!
It has turned into a thrilling
game for the criminal already.
The Goddess of law who sees
everything with her eyes open.
And policemen who are lying dead.
without hearts or eyes.
This is the first time I'm being
involved in a full fledged case.
I lost the confidence that
I can find leads quickly.
As each day passes.
this case is going away from me.
Sitting somewhere in this Kochi city.
a brilliant criminal is observing us...
... and playing hide & seek with us.
Sir...
What is it?
I had seen the news about
the 'Goddess of law'.
shared on Kerala
Police Facebook page.
I've come to talk about that.
Goddess of law?
Which Goddess is that?
Sir. is there anyone else over here?
Wait.
Vinod!
Hey! A girl has come there.
- One minute. sir.
How is this?
This is great.
- This is Face App.
Can you do all this on Facebook?
Not Facebook.
This is Face App.
Oh okay!
You do one thing.
Make me turn older in the photo.
I will make you younger. Rajettan.
I want to shock my wife.
Whom were you talking
to. outside?
Some girl has come to talk
about some Goddess of law.
Goddess of law?
- Yes.
She said there's some Goddess of
law on our police Facebook page?
Which one? Goddess of law in Kochi?
- Yes.
Sir. just move.
Vinod!
Hey girl!
Rajetta. where is the girl?
She is there only.
Hey girl!
So you've never seen that
girl in these station limits?
Right?
- No. sir.
The CCTV is not working here or what?
- It's not ready yet. sir.
Since it's an interior area...
the CCTV installation
is still going on.
What kind of policeman are you?
If someone comes to the
station with a complaint.
shouldn't you note the
name & address first? Idiot!
Didn't you go yet?
No. She's sleeping on
the sofa downstairs.
How can I sleep when
you're going made here?
I'm not feeling sleepy.
Even in this second.
someone is planning to torture
and kill some policemen.
Until he is stopped.
he will continue that.
This is the first time I'm
feeling so helpless in life.
Whoever the killer is.
he is one step ahead of us.
Da Vinci Code.
What?
Haven't you seen Da
Vinci's 'Last Supper'?
People still decipher clues
from that painting. till date.
In my opinion.
the secrets hidden in it make that
portrait so much more interesting.
I know.
So?
What if this sculpture wasn't
made by those killers?
What if a sculptor made it for them?
I think he would definitely
put his signature somewhere.
A Da Vinci Code preserved by someone
who loves his work so much.
If I was the sculptor.
I would definitely do it.
There's nothing.
We checked it thoroughly.
and even took an X-Ray.
Nothing!
It's a dead end.
Then...
It's strange.
Good morning. everyone.
It is to discuss a very important
and confidential matter.
that all of you who are in-charge
of Kochi stations were called here.
First of all. all of you should switch off
your phones and keep them on the table.
What I'm going to say now...
You shouldn't discuss it
through e-mail or your phones.
Any communications we
make. should be direct.
Because we are under a cyber attack.
2 murders...
That too. at 2 places in Kochi which are
not at all connected to each other.
Like that. even the
bodies were dumped...
... at two places which have
no connection with each other.
So we cannot conclude that the killer's
area of operation is one particular place.
As of now. we can only assume
that it can be anywhere in Kochi.
Taking this into account.
we are going to execute a plan.
All police officers within the
Kochi police station limits.
should be at different
places of the city. tonight.
You should go for patrolling
as a team of two people.
You should focus on empty roads and
deserted places. while you move.
You should be constantly on call
with your pair. on your headphones.
You shouldn't be more than 100
metres apart from each other.
And Arun..
- Ma'am...
If any police officers are in town.
on long leave or any other holiday.
please get them back.
We need more people.
- Okay Ma'am.
And. like I mentioned earlier...
This plan should be a secret.
Two among us were murdered.
So all of you should
be on high alert.
Carry maximum service guns with you.
or any other weapons.
Because. all our lives. in general...
especially tonight...
... are in danger.
Good luck. guys!
Everybody...
Tiger calling!
Maintain complete radio silence
till tomorrow morning.
I repeat...
Maintain complete radio silence
till tomorrow morning.
Over.
Paulson. I'll walk further ahead.
You should follow me on your scooter.
You should be on call. full time.
- Yes. Ma'am.
Hey! I'm not liking this plan.
When Madam asked if
there were other plans.
why didn't you suggest
a better plan?
You @$@%...
Don't make me abuse you at midnight!
Already I'm risking my life here.
You are a civilian. If
something happens to you.
I'll be held responsible
for that too!
Paulson..
- Yes. Ma'am.
Someone is following me.
I can see them now. Ma'am.
Shall I stop them?
Wait.
It's not time yet.
Be alert.
Okay Ma'am.
Coming with us. darling?
Come. let's have a couple of drinks.
We have eggs too!
F*** Off!
Get going. dude!
Get going!
Fast!
Paulson...
It was a false alarm.
Come in...
Paulson?
Oh shit!
Paulson!
Andrew. pause!
A wolf mask!
Though he's wearing a mask.
why did he pass in front of the camera?
To challenge us.
It's his game.
And this mask is really common.
Yes. If you order it today.
you'll get it day after.
Anyone can order this
on Amazon or Flipkart.
Bloody scoundrel!
Shall we give the mask's
photo to the media. Madam?
What if we get some lead?
I can't believe this.
A hello. a command.
A wolf mask..
Paulson is gone!
Simple!
What is this. Anwar?
Catherine. situation is getting
really out of control.
Including the latest one.
we have lost three police officers!
What the hell are you doing as
a special investigation team?
This incident in which Paulson went
missing. was your idea. right?
On top of all that. they have
hacked the police wireless system too.
You just have to keep sacrificing
police officers regularly.
I'm the one who is answerable to
higher officials and the people!
I'm on my way to meet the press.
Special Investigation Team!
Bunch of stupids!
No police wireless sets
have gone missing.
But how could he?
Ma'am...
Sets from the same company as police
wireless sets can be arranged.
Or some faulty set of
ours can be repaired.
There are many such methods!
Otherwise you can...
Our secret frequency...
For example. if they want to...
since we are under a
cyber attack now...
Even if they tap phone calls
of any police station.
or by hacking e-mails.
it can be sorted.
It's a piece of cake!
One thing is confirmed from this video.
He is not alone.
The killer has an accomplice.
Yeah!
They haven't taken their victims
by threatening them with weapons.
I don't know what
technique they might have used.
As part of the 'Goddess of
law' serial killing case.
we lost another police
officer the other day.
DCP Catherine Maria's driver Paulson.
was kidnapped while he was on duty.
Police has undertaken immediate
procedures to find him.
The leads let out by the
investigation team...
If the public gets
any information
about this 'Goddess of law'
sculpture or the wolf mask.
they should inform us at the earliest.
Moreover...
Excuse me. sir.
- Yes!
In this city where there are
around 14.000 policemen.
what evidence will the public get.
that the police hasn't got yet?
See. police..
- Protecting the people can wait.
Doesn't the police who cannot protect
themselves have to make some serious amends?
See... - What's your response to the
opposition leader's statement...
to bring the central force
to protect the police force?
See. investigation is going on.
We can't reveal more than
this. at this stage.
Press meet is over. No more comments.
Okay. Thank you.
I will update you.
Paulson's wife's delivery
was due next month.
What do I tell her now?
Ma'am...
As of now. there is no news of Paulson.
Nothing has been
reported anywhere.
And Ma'am. for the past 3-4 days.
the entire police force of Kochi.
has been working 24 hours.
without any rest.
As if we are all on a
tour in Munnar now!
Until this is solved.
duty time remains the same!
No change in that.
Sir.
Come on. you b@%@%!%!
What is your play?
Someone has come.
Let Mama go and see.
Eat it without spilling.
Good morning. Madam.
- Good morning.
Isn't this Anwar Hussain's house?
- Yes.
You have a parcel.
What parcel?
Don't know. Madam.
Seems like a fridge.
Fridge?
We haven't ordered it.
Isn't this your address?
Yes.
- Then please sign.
But..
- What if your husband ordered it?
Yes. Fathima.
- Anwar...
Did you order any
fridge from Amazon?
Fridge? Me?
We already have one. right?
They might have come
to the wrong address.
The address was right.
Is it a surprise for me?
What surprise for you?
Your birthday and our anniversary
are all over. right?
What if someone sent it
for us as a surprise?
Let me open it and see.
Just hold on.
- Okay.
Fathima!
Hello?
Close the gate!
Daddy's friend did this
to scare us. for fun.
Okay?
- Anwar...
Killers have made
things very personal.
We are really sorry
about it. Fathima.
It's okay. Ma'am.
A big white van. with stickers
of the parcel company...
Fathima had a glance
of it parked outside.
Fathima didn't think about the
logic of 2 people coming in a van.
wearing rider's masks.
We weren't expecting this. right?
Okay.
Be with family. Anwar.
Take some time.
Relax. Fathima.
We've assigned two
policemen on duty here.
Everything will be all right.
All of us are with you!
What about the
postmortem report. Arun?
Sir. they said 'at the earliest'.
when I called them.
Sreekanth sir was off duty.
He is on his way now.
Madam...
As usual. they were well planned.
The CCTV cameras of the housing colony.
went faulty two days back.
I expected that.
Would the courier van be
their regular vehicle?
No. Anil. It might only
be a temporary set-up.
Once it get noticed.
they know that they
can't use it again.
In fact we are not following them...
They are following us!
We got the fingerprint
today morning. sir.
We're searching in the police
database and crime records.
We've sent it to the
Aadhaar authority too.
Now it's just a matter of time.
Madam...
We've got mail.
This is Shameer.
Cocaine Shameer.
But he is in jail!
That looks scary. dude!
He is dangerous. Madam.
Really notorious!
Let's locate him.
- Yes. Ma'am.
Shameer was a wholesale agent who delivered
cocaine and brown sugar all over Kerala.
He was here as a prisoner
under trial for a while.
A girl who came after a party
they conducted. fainted.
Paulson who got murdered recently was on
traffic duty. saw it and made it a case.
He left from here after
threatening that
he will kill Paulson who opened that case.
and other police officers involved in it.
It's been around 3 months
since he left from here.
He is really dangerous!
He might have done it.
You guys were his boys. right?
Ever since Shameerikka went to jail.
we don't take up such jobs.
If I search this colony
and find him from here...
Go ahead and search. sir.
I haven't hidden anyone here.
Do you know Shameer's new contact number?
- No.
I don't know.
- When did Shameer come here last?
It's been long. Madam.
He also has a share on
this workshop. right?
Doesn't he come to check accounts?
- No. Madam.
When did you speak to him last?
It's been 5-6 months.
- So when did he call you? Last Friday?
No. Madam.
It's been long since he called.
If you get any contact.
inform the station immediately.
Okay.
Look! Even if our account has been
deactivated from social media sites.
if our photos are tagged.
some of our pictures would remain there.
Look at this.
In these 3 photos. this girl is common.
I think. they had something...
You know?
Who is she?
Vicky Maria.
That's her name.
House? Profile?
She works at an MNC in Kakkanad.
No. She's a former employee.
Number details are easy to get. I've
already hacked all the cellular companies.
It was for an earlier project. sir.
Why else should I hack them?
When you do it. it's social service.
When I do it. it's hacking. right?
Look at these numbers.
She has seven phone numbers.
The active number among these.
is at Marine Drive.
These three buildings.
Wait! Wait!
The building in middle.
201.
Are you sure?
How do you know?
Do you like Biriyani?
If so?
An order has been placed from that room..
I mean. that number.
That's why...
They've legalized this
stuff in Canada now.
I don't know why it's
not legal in Kerala.
Alcohol it is.
- Yeah!
Food is here.
Rhea...
Vicky!
There are 7 SIM cards in your name.
Among them. 4 are not active.
3 of them are active.
And this number...
Who is using this number now?
Whom did you give it to?
Him?
Preeti. why are we wasting time?
Call our local media.
We are arresting them.
On narcotic charges.
True. sir.
I know how to make her answer.
once we reach the station.
Get up!
Get up. I say!
After Shameer got released.
he had come to meet me.
I was the one who gave
him a phone and SIM.
But it's been one month
since I heard from him now.
No replies if I send him
messages on WhatsApp.
I don't know anything.
Please don't arrest me.
Ma'am...
The location of the number that Vicky
gave Shameer. is this building.
This is Chambakkara
fishing area. right?
What is this?
What happened?
Oh shit! Shit! They hacked it again!
- Come on. man!
Abraham Koshy.
Shit! I can't watch this. man!
Andrew...
He destroyed my firewall.
Rascal!
But they're really good.
Taking it to the next level.
Madam...
He has been dead for
a few days now.
I think it's a decoy.
A game to make us fools. using
Shameer's fingerprints.
Cocaine Shameer's dead body
was found last evening.
He died consuming poison.
and his body was in a mummified state.
Police is investigating his
connection to this case.
Since this is an ongoing investigation.
I can't divulge more details.
3 policemen and now. a criminal
Cocaine Shameer. have been murdered.
Police driver Paulson went missing in front
of the investigating officer's eyes. Yours!
Are we seeing a lack of efficient
officers. since the beginning of this case?
Mind your words!
For the past few days. the duty time
of the policemen here is 24 hours!
You. the media are the people who
create unnecessary complications.
and create panic among the people!
Answer for that inefficiency first.
Question the police after that!
What is this. Madam?
- Please stop! Please!
You also lost sleep. sir?
I'm happy!
No. sir.
I'm adamant now.
I am creating a database here. sir.
If we check the police CCTV footage from
the place where the incident happened.
we'll definitely be able
to spot a common vehicle.
But what if the culprits are
switching vehicles each time?
We have so many cameras.
facilities and checking. right?
Shouldn't we know how
they escaped all this?
You've lost the over-confidence that you're
the smartest hacker in Kerala. right?
This is just temporary. sir.
I will get back at him!
Wait and watch. sir.
You should do it. man!
I'm on it. sir.
- It's that bloody serious.
Andrew...
- Yes. sir.
Look at this.
Okay.
Kerala Police!!
Lead Carbonate.
A metal compound that changes colours
when in contact with vapour.
It has been mixed with copper.
S.D.
The Da Vinci Code that
Fathima spoke about.
Madam is here.
Madam. we've enquired with some sculptors
we know using the signature S.D.
and traced the guy.
His name is Sudhakar Devalokam.
His house is in interior Vadakkamchery.
Sudhakar.
And? - We've sent two policemen from the
local station outside his house. Ma'am.
If we leave now. we can
catch him early morning.
Let Sudhakaran Devalokam's first
sight in the morning. be us!
Come on. let's roll!
The sculptor is at home. Madam.
We were outside for
the whole night.
He hasn't gone anywhere.
He's at his workshop
in his house now.
Arun...
Police. right?
I realized it hearing the
sound of boots outside.
I was sure that you would come searching
for me. to know about that sculpture.
When I heard about the serial
killings in Kochi. I had wished...
I am the sculptor who
made those sculptures.
Around 6 months back.
someone came to meet me.
Someone who seemed like
he was 40-45 years old.
He asked me to make sculptures of the Goddess
of law with her eyes open. in copper.
He offered me a lot
of money as well.
He said that the eyes
should be well defined.
and the face should
have a Malayali look.
He had only one demand.
Nothing that can identify who
made it or where it was made.
should be on that sculpture.
I felt that the demand was quite strange.
And... each person has a different kind
of interest when it comes to art. right?
As the sculpture was almost done.
I didn't want to leave
it without my signature.
Mixing lead carbonate.
below the hip of that sculpture.
I applied my signature.
Later. during a monsoon.
he came again.
He gave me more money
than what he offered.
bought the sculptures and left.
I haven't seen him after that.
Can you identify him if you see him?
Otherwise we can
get a sketch drawn.
We can investigate after that.
No point.
When he came to buy the sculptures.
a young man was with him.
A handsome young man.
He was wearing sunglasses.
While leaving.
he gave me those sunglasses.
They took my eyes too.
so that I don't identify them.
They poured some
liquid into my eyes.
This is my daughter. Mythili.
She's teaching in a
college in Coimbatore.
She had come to the station seeing
your FB post about the sculptures.
Then why did you leave
without telling anyone?
Sir. when I came to the station
that day. I got an internet call.
That was a threat.
If I say anything about the
sculptures to the police.
they said they would
kill both of us.
And when I realized that
they were watching me also.
I got scared and left from there.
I heard what you
were saying. Madam.
Even if a sketch is drawn.
father won't be able to say whether
it is him. in this situation.
We are extremely sorry.
But I'll tell you one thing.
They made me make
five sculptures.
Five of them.
They have killed 3 people.
2 more people are remaining...
Okay. Mr. Sudhakar.
Thank you for your time.
Don't worry about security.
I can assure you that.
Inform us if you get any contact
or information about them.
Okay. Ma'am.
Shall we leave?
- Okay.
Come.
This is my card.
You can contact me if he needs any
post-traumatic counselling help. - Okay.
We need to make sure whether the
story about his eyes is true.
Go and meet the doctor
who treated him.
Call me back immediately
after that. okay?
That's also another dead end. Anwar.
We badly need another plan.
Ma'am. I have an idea.
The killer has taken everyone.
after their phones have fallen down.
So. whichever phone falls down.
we'll get a message here instantly.
All of us use smartphones.
They have different kinds of sensors.
GPS. Magnetometer. touchscreen...
Like that. we can detect
the movements of a phone.
using two sensors called
Accelerometer and Gyroscope.
So I have made a plugin
of the Accelerometer.
If we deploy that plugin to the
official app of Kerala Police.
all the phones using that app.
can be monitored by us
from the control room.
If there is some unusual
movement from a phone.
detecting that. we will
get a notification here.
But Andrew. won't the killer who's
watching every move of ours. realize this?
No. Ma'am.
We're just downloading an app. right?
We download so many things. right?
I think there's nothing wrong
in trying it out. Madam.
Desperate times.
Desperate measures.
Send it.
Okay.
Finish! Finish!
Okay sir.
The app is ready.
Now. whichever mobile phone falls down.
I'll get a message here.
Shall I go home now?
Sir. if I give this to a couple of
companies. I'll get Rs. 5-6 Lakhs.
You have to sit here like this.
because you didn't do that job decently.
You know that?
Hey! Shoot everything properly!
The higher officials shouldn't complain
that we didn't make video documents.
Okay sir.
Hey Rafi! You stay here.
I'm feeling sleepy. I'm leaving.
Start the car.
Okay.
That policeman's car has come.
He will call us now.
Kiddo! - Sir!
- Come here.
I told you. right?
I'll be right back.
Sir...
Did you clean the apartment?
- Yes. sir.
Did you do it well?
Do you have Paan Masala?
- No. sir.
What is this then?
I have only one packet. sir.
Only one. sir.
- Don't you know that you shouldn't use it?
I know. sir.
I will arrest you!
Just one. sir.
- You won't see your home town after that.
Go!
Give it. sir.
Get lost!
Bloody thief!
Don't stress about
that vehicle. Andrew.
No. sir.
I can definitely find at least one
vehicle. which we can suspect.
I am sure.
A mobile has fallen down.
Over there.
- Sir. call that number right now.
Not picking up.
Sir. it's in Kakkanad.
NGO quarters.
I think he's in trouble.
Kasaba station CI Sharath
Chandran has gone missing. Madam.
He came straight to
his room after duty.
By the time we got Andrew's message and
reached here. we were late. Madam.
His house is in Palakkad.
This is the fourth person.
Fourth police officer.
I can't handle this anymore.
Where are we going wrong?
It's not the usual pattern
we've been seeing. sir.
There must have been a
struggle this time.
Chairs are lying broken inside.
I think they might have
knocked him out and taken him.
No one in this building
has heard anything?
Not even a sound?
Everyone is saying that they
didn't see or hear anything.
and that the power had gone off.
They must be scared.
How much ever we ask.
they have the same answer.
You also didn't see anything?
You didn't hear anything here?
No. There was no power.
No power?
- No.
Question all of them strongly. once again.
- Sir.
Since the pattern is different this time.
is someone else who has a grudge
against the police doing this.
and trying to put
the blame on them?
No.
The body of CI Sharath Chandran who went
missing as part the Goddess of law case.
was found from a train
in Aluva metro station.
The corpse was altered in looks so that
the person wouldn't be identified.
Workers are saying the
Goddess of law sculpture
was tied close to the
body. inside a blanket.
I heard. sir.
I am watching.
You keep watching!
We've lost the fourth guy too!
Aren't you ashamed
to wear the uniform?
How? Others are held
answerable for this. right?
Can you please go at least
for the postmortem? Idiot!
I am leaving. sir.
Who is she?
How dare!
So is there a group of people?
They are making fools
out of us. Madam.
One thing is for sure. Madam.
They know that the
metro has CCTV.
Yet. they decided to dump the
body with more public visibility.
Now it's an attempt to ensure
that we'd go behind her.
Another decoy.
A misconception. right?
We don't have any other
option. Pradeep.
Arun...
Release her photograph.
- Yes. Ma'am.
Send it to all stations and the media.
Search in all our databases.
Ma'am. can we identify the face
using some face recognition app?
See Anwar. this is not the FBI.
This is Kerala Police.
We might be able to check
with the Aadhaar database.
Otherwise. let's see if we can link it to
some Google photographs. like Andrew said.
Nothing more than that.
Madam. extremely sorry.
I have nothing new to say.
The fourth person has also been
killed in the exact same pattern.
Except for these small injuries caused
while kidnapping. there's nothing else.
If there is something new.
it's only the wig and make-up.
See Catherine. the entire
scenario is messed up.
Press is eating us alive!
Enough!
I'm sorry!
I'm shutting you down.
- Sir. please.
For the time being. this team is being
relieved from this investigation.
You can take a few days
off and take rest.
But sir. I have...
- We have a replacement team.
Meet Mr. Prakash Sitaram.
He will be leading the team.
Pradeep. hand over all details of the
investigation so far. to Prakash.
Yes. sir.
- And you...
Clear out your office as soon as possible.
Sir...
- Prakash...
Pradeep. you alone come with me.
- Sir.
You might be aware of the murder
of Kasaba CI Sharath Chandran.
Sharath Chandran is the fourth
police officer we've lost
in the Goddess of law case.
It is a sad fact that the
earlier investigation team
wasn't able to make any real progress.
or get any leads in the investigation.
Taking that fact into account..
- Did she sleep?
Anwar. aren't you having food?
- No.
We've formed a new investigation team and
entrusted them for the investigation.
Mr. Prakash Sitaram.
He will be leading the team.
Further updates of this case will
be given by Prakash Sitaram.
Thank you.
Yes. Pradeep.
- There's a last piece of information.
When Sharath Chandran's
body fluids were examined.
our usual sleeping pill
Zolpidem has been found.
But along with that.
traces of the beta blocker medicine
Tenormin has also been found.
He was having high B.P.
for some time now.
So. that beta blocker medicine
found in his blood...
He has consumed a
considerable dosage of it.
I don't know if this is relevant.
But I felt like saying this to you.
That's why I said it.
Good night.
- Good night.
Zolpidem.
Beta blocker.
Madam. shock induced hypnosis.
What? - The breakthrough
that we didn't get so far.
How did the victims go with the
killers without a struggle?
That mystery is solved.
They were hypnotized!
Unlike what we thought. the drug
Zolpidem found in their body.
is not just a sleeping pill.
In very rare cases. it is also
used as a hypnotic drug too.
Come in.
The wolf mask is not only to
hide the killer's identity.
It is to suddenly scare
the victims as well.
They infused the drug called Zolpidem
in the bodies of the victims somehow.
Through outside food or water.
or some other source.
But in Sharath Chandran's case.
this drug wasn't activated.
Because he was already consuming beta
blocker. which has its counter drug.
So hypnosis didn't work.
He resisted.
There was a fight.
That's what happened.
Madam...
We're not dealing with an
ordinary serial killer here.
We're dealing with an
intelligent psychiatric genius.
who can manipulate human
minds in any way he wants.
It might be the girl on the metro.
or someone else!
Good deduction. Anwar.
Very good. in fact.
But there's no point.
We are off the case officially.
Not just that. Anwar.
Just think about it.
How many people would know
psychology in this city?
How many people would have studied
hypnotic skills through different methods?
To find all of them is not
practically possible. Anwar.
But yeah. it's a good
piece of information.
Discuss it with the new team.
I'm helpless.
What Madam said is true. right?
There are so many psychiatric
professionals here!
And won't there be thousands of people
who use sleeping pills regularly?
Cheers!
Hey! I'm not taking
your findings lightly.
But what we need in this case.
is a direct evidence that can
be linked to the killers.
Aniletta...
If the information that sculptor
Sudhakaran gave is correct.
one more police officer
will be killed for sure.
But that's not the only problem.
What if he doesn't stop with that?
Can we say for sure that he's not planning
something similar in some other city?
What can we do?
We tried our best. right?
In usual cases. there would at least
be a lead called God's evidence.
We didn't even get
that in this case.
Not like that.
I'll show you.
See!
Look. dear.
Let me see.
Is it like this?
- Yes.
Look!
Did you get it?
I'm checking. Anwar.
There are hundreds
of cases and photos.
If I could know
which case it is...
I've seen a photo of someone
standing with the police.
holding a spinner like this one.
I'm sure.
Just type 'fidget spinner'.
Okay.
No. Anwar.
There's no such photo in this.
You must have been mistaken.
Wait.
I checked only Ernakulam district.
What if it's somewhere else?
Search and see!
A file has come up.
There it is.
Fidget spinner.
Scroll down.
Simon Manjooran...
Father - George Manjooran. Thiruvalla.
Staying in Kottur
Panchayat at Thiruvalla.
George Manjooran and Anna
Manjooran's son. Simon Manjooran.
From childhood. he was an introvert.
Simon who completed his engineering
in computer science in the UK.
and came back to Kerala...
spent most of his time with his
computers in a closed room.
Simon's father George who noticed that some
money went missing from his debit card.
saw his son enjoying live
murder and torture videos
by paying money on the dark net.
What is this. Simon?
What happened to you?
I haven't seen you coming to
the Church for a while now.
George Manjooran tried his best to
solve his son's mental problems.
After some time...
police began investigation upon
the complaint from the Vicar.
that it's been a while since
George & wife came to the Church.
and they couldn't be
reached on phone.
Isn't this George Manjooran's house?
Yes. sir.
Where are your parents?
They have gone to
Velankanni. sir.
When will they come back?
- I don't know. sir.
I don't know.
- They can't be reached.
They've gone for a prayer meeting. sir.
They would have switched off the phones.
What do you do now?
I have completed my B.Tech.
No jobs yet?
I am trying. sir.
No one else is staying here?
Only I am here now. sir.
Preeti...
I think it's him.
Scroll down.
Check his current status.
Simon Manjooran who was in solitary
confinement at Poojappura central jail.
was killed in a fire accident
at the jail. on 12.11. 2018.
Enquiry report pending.
Anwar. I'll tell you something.
This is a case you've messed up.
without any leads.
Now it's my investigation.
Understand?
- Sir. this psycho Simon...
He is dead!
Didn't you say it yourself now?
That's a dead end.
Why should you waste others'
time going behind it?
Now you may please leave.
I have to catch a criminal.
Sir...
The presence of someone
like Simon Manjooran.
who's an expert in
dark net and coding.
has been in this case
since the beginning.
I doubt whether the news that Simon
Manjooran was killed. was fabricated.
You go on a different route. sir.
I don't need anyone's permission
to investigate on my own!
Hey Pradeep!
I need all the case files
of Simon Manjooran.
At the earliest.
- Sir.
Andrew. wind up all this.
I'm dropping the case that
I entrusted you with.
Sir. they attacked my
firewall two times!
I am adamant now.
They will be spotted somewhere
in the Police CCTV footage.
I need only that
clue to catch them!
This is personal now.
We have one more sculpture left. right?
Don't struggle without
a face to find.
Simon Manjooran.
One of the killers.
It's said that he died
in jail some time back.
But I don't believe it.
Sir. this...
That?
Sir. isn't she him?
He was cheating us like
in the film 'The Truth'!
He wasn't cheating us.
They tried to be over-intelligent.
Do one thing.
Mail these two photos to me quickly.
- Okay sir.
All the papers to meet the
press are ready. right?
Sir!
Anwar! You again?
Sir. it's an urgent matter.
I was right.
Simon Manjooran is alive.
He is the girl who was seen
in the metro that day.
Look.
Psycho Simon was alive. Anwar.
Until 3 hours back.
What?
This case is almost closed.
It happened today morning.
Dear Police.
The great game is ending here.
There are many unsolved
secrets in this game.
Those secrets will be gone forever.
along with us.
There's no point in continuing the game.
once the thrill is lost.
The final score is 4-2.
With love.
Simon & Aravind.
This Aravindan must be
Simon's crime partner.
Someone who had mental
issues for many years now.
He tried to kill his neighbour once.
without any provocation!
Because of that. he was in a mental
health centre for some time.
And he wasn't in very good
terms with his children.
And thus. around 6 months back.
Simon started staying on the top floor
of his house. using a fake name.
That must be how Simon manipulated
his mental condition
and got him along.
as an accomplice.
And the young man and old man
the sculptor mentioned.
All those identifications
are matching.
When they realized that police was behind
Simon. they stopped playing the game.
So okay. Anwar.
See you.
I have to meet the press.
Bye.
Anwar. bye.
I've called a press meet
here to inform you.
that the investigation of the
Goddess of law serial killing case
has been completed.
2 people who had a grudge
against the police.
Simon Manjooran and Aravinda Kartha
who had lost their mental balance.
are the culprits of this case.
Simon Manjooran whom police
suspects to be the main culprit.
was serving his sentence at
Poojappura central jail.
for brutally murdering his own
parents. many years back.
And at the last moment.
Prakash Sitaram came in...
closed the case and got the applause
of the people and the press!
So what are we. Madam?
No. sir.
Something is fishy
about this conclusion.
The deceased Simon.
and his fellow psycho Aravindan...
The biggest specialty about their
mental illness is self-obsession.
The persons they both loved the most.
were themselves.
Two such people would
never commit suicide.
If they are sure about getting caught.
they will only try to escape.
Is it true that the police
got to psycho Simon.
through the police's consulting
criminologist. Anwar Hussain?
Well...
We'll be meeting
the press again...
... after presenting a detailed
report of this case to the IG.
He will answer all
your questions then.
Let me tell you something. Anwar.
You are really obsessed
with this case.
Don't be adamant that this case should have
a conclusion which you wish for. Anwar.
Come on!
It happens.
Yeah.
I am obsessed.
But every time. I was right.
Every damn time!
Anwar!
What happened to him?
He's sad because he lost a case
for the first time. Madam.
We've lost several cases. right?
Sorry Madam.
One last question.
14 murders.
That too. at different places in Kerala.
How did you keep escaping without
getting caught for so long?
I take a holiday of 1.5 or
2 years after each murder.
Then I'll convince the
police and the press...
... that Ripper Ravi's
last murder was over.
The hunter who convinces his
preys that his hunt is over.
is the real smart one!
Hello Sudhakar.
Police has concluded the case.
Culprits are...
Hello!
What?
I heard that the police
concluded the case.
That's why I didn't
call the police.
They will think that a blind
man is blabbering something.
Yesterday. someone else had come.
He took even the sixth sculpture which
I had made just out of a fascination.
He was wrong in thinking that he
could fool this blind man again.
This time. I got his face.
Dr. Benjamin Louis.
I saw Benjamin Louis for the
first time. many years back.
To be precise.
very close to my home town.
at Kodumannu.
For the crime of raping 9th grader
Rebecca and making her pregnant.
her own father Louis was arrested
by the police. On that day!
His son is sitting over there.
When did they arrest him?
This morning.
When I saw the helpless
look on his face.
I didn't feel like leaving
him all alone over there.
Hey! Go and make some black tea.
Okay.
That night...
at his house...
Benjamin told me their story.
Enough. dad.
Take it.
Louis. who was a
plantation worker.
worked as hard as he could.
and raised both his children.
without letting them have any complaints.
Especially without making
them miss their mother.
Come back home soon after school is over.
Don't go around playing.
Dad will be a little late today.
What's your plan. dad?
That Kariyan Chettan's dad
is really unwell. right?
He will die any moment.
I have to go there.
What all does she want to know?
While talking about studies.
her tongue gets tied!
Teacher. see you!
Slowly!
- You won't fall!
Louis. the kids are speeding!
Hey! Don't fall!
Son!
Careful!
What is this?
Haven't you learned this yet?
Did you get scared. dear?
Hey! Tea for two!
Is milk water fine?
Here.
What about some snacks?
What about you. dear?
Here.
They made it at noon.
Louis. shouldn't we look
for a groom for Rebecca?
Is it?
Get lost.
My girl has a lot to study.
Come on. eat it!
Didn't you start sticking it?
- No.
Why are you sticking it using rice? Where's
the glue? - There was no glue in the shop.
Dad. what about the crib?
We'll make the crib the
day before Christmas.
Long back. dad had won first prize
from the Church for making a crib.
A soap box!
Yeah. right!
- I swear!
When their life was going
forward like that.
one day Louis got called saying that
Rebecca fainted during school hours.
What happened. dear?
- She fainted during class.
What happened?
Doctor is calling you.
Louis. the case is quite serious.
You should listen patiently.
What is it. doctor?
Rebecca is pregnant.
What?
It's quite late.
With the present
condition of her health.
it would be difficult to abort.
What are you saying. Doctor?
My daughter...
She's just a child. right?
Did you check properly?
Despite many people
asking her several times.
Rebecca didn't say how it happened.
or who was responsible. out of fear.
Dear...
Eat this.
How long will you be like this?
Finally. Rebecca admitted
defeat before her dad's sorrow.
She said the name of the
person who was responsible.
Father Bennett Franco.
Fr Bennett was one among the most important
people of the parish in the high range.
A darling of the people.
who was really popular.
The diocese level director of
the parish's farming association.
Along with that. Father Bennett was
also the administrator and mediator...
of all the corporate deals of
the Parish at the high range.
Philip. don't you say that the Church is
different and the laity is different?
I am helpless. Father.
I know about your helplessness.
But this is a business.
Not a charity. right?
I agree for the
amount I mentioned.
Okay?
Father Bennett had
another face...
... that his higher officials or his
closest people were not aware of.
The face of a pedophile who was not
hesitant to misuse his priestly powers.
Louis...
- Sir.
Since your daughter is a minor.
we should handle this case very carefully.
And the person mentioned in the
complaint. is no ordinary guy.
We should see to it that this
doesn't become a communal issue.
Once the criminal is punished.
your daughter's life shouldn't be ruined.
Right?
- True. sir.
When we do something. we should
consider all sides of it. right?
Especially when it
comes to children...
Let me discuss with
my higher officials.
Go confidently. Louis.
Go be with your daughter.
I'm trusting you. sir.
I am sure that you will deliver
justice to my daughter.
And one more thing.
Only we need to know about this.
You know right?
- Shall I leave. sir? - Okay.
I'm going to do something which
God wouldn't approve of.
So I'll need extra money for that.
Shouldn't you think twice before
doing such shady things. Father?
Then you sit here thinking.
I'll see you later.
What say?
Anil...
Dad! Dad!
Tell me!
Sir. my son!
- Your damn son!
Sir... !
- You won't admit it. is it?
Even if you beat me to death.
I won't admit it. sir.
This b@@% started all
the problems. right?
Don't do anything to
my dear daughter. sir.
I will do anything
you want. sir.
Dad!
My dear sir. I will admit
whatever you want me to.
Don't hurt my daughter.
When the law enforcers and the noblemen
of his community turned against him.
Louis became totally helpless.
and considering the
safety of his children.
he had to accept the responsibility
of the pregnancy of his own daughter.
Convincing the people and their community
that it is for Rebecca's good future.
Bennett shifted Rebecca to
some convent in North India.
After that. no one has
heard anything about her.
Relieved that the
burden was gone.
none of her relatives
bothered enquiring about her.
Son...
You should study well.
When you are capable.
you should find her
and bring her back.
Sir...
My son has nobody!
Please take care of him. sir!
Louis lost his
daughter and his life...
Either because he couldn't bear
the torture by his co-prisoners.
or due to despair.
he was found hanging dead in the jail.
under suspicious circumstances.
The ceremony has ended.
Those who want to give him
a final kiss. can go ahead.
I will kill you!
Benjamin!
- Leave me!
Listen to me! No!
Calm down!
Listen to me!
Benjamin. stop!
Hold him!
Benjamin!
Calm down.
Leave me.
- Listen to me.
I'll kill them.
Within a gap of weeks.
Benjamin lost his
sister and his father.
Benjamin who went through
the worst days of his life.
slowly slipped into depression.
Thus. after counselling
and therapies.
he slowly came back to life.
He passed pre-degree
with great marks.
With the help of a few
kind-hearted people.
he left to America to
pursue his degree.
Initially. he used to
call once in a while.
Later. we lost contact gradually.
Back then I didn't tell
anyone anything. out of fear.
I didn't go for any case either.
Whom should I be scared
of at this age. sir?
If Benjamin has done
all this as you said.
he has his reasons for it.
Police and the Parish have
tortured him that much.
Aniletta..
- Yes. Anwar.
Drop me home.
I'm on my way from Kodumannu.
What? - Father Bennett. CI Sharath
Chandran and you started everything.
And you acted like you
didn't know anything.
Come to that ground of ours.
Let's discuss over there.
Andrew...
- Yes. sir.
I've sent a number
to you on WhatsApp.
Trace whose number it is.
quickly.
Sir. I have traced that number.
That belongs to the
deceased Aravindan Kartha.
That number is switched off now.
But its final location was at
a ground near Mangalavanam.
Aniletta!
Show me the next shot.
- Here.
How many shots in total?
- 5 or 6. sir.
Sir. this is a wedding shoot.
Next one.
What's the matter?
I don't know.
Can you zoom it?
- Yes. sir. - Do it.
Play!
Airdrop this to my mobile.
Yes. sir.
- Andrew.
They've caught ACP Anil now.
I've sent a video on WhatsApp to you.
- Okay.
Trace the van seen in it.
I think it's them.
Okay.
I'm checking right now. sir.
Sir. the video's
resolution is really low.
And it's an aerial shot. right?
Since there are trees...
I think we lost him!
Andrew! - Sir. the program we
used to run the traffic cameras
has arrived at its final output.
This van has been captured in the fourth
victim. Sharath Chandran's checking video.
It's written 'Hamshed' on its side.
I'll check the
corporation details now.
Sir. this company is under the
name of Aravindan Kartha.
The location is in the outer city.
I'll send you the location right now.
Okay! Okay!
Do it!
Gotcha!
Hey Anil...
Do you know why I spared
you till the end?
I really want to
enjoy your death.
Because I have more vengeance
towards you. than Father Bennett.
In your case.
there won't be a funeral with
all the official honours.
There won't be any honorary
firing to the sky!
Your body won't be kept for
public display either.
Pradeep!
This must be that vehicle.
The pigs that are crying
out of hunger outside?
It's been 2 days since I
gave them anything to eat.
I will rip you apart until all my anger is
vented and then I'll feed you to them.
Over there.
Careful.
Benjamin is the killer.
Benjamin!
Dr. Benjamin Louis.
I know... everything!
Untie me!
Doctor...
Please stop this madness.
I know what happened to your family.
And...?
Anwar!
An end to the Goddess of law serial
killing case that shook Kerala!
The culprit who was
arrested last midnight.
was presented before the magistrate
immediately by the police.
and got him on
remand for 2 days.
American Malayali and famous psychologist.
Dr. Benjamin Louis is the killer.
We've only started the
initial interrogation.
The accused will be presented
in court at the earliest.
and will be taken
in police custody.
Sir. anything about
the killer's motive?
It's too early to comment on it.
Okay?
Fathima...
- Hi.
Samskruthy! How are you?
I am fine.
Thank you.
Anwar...
Are you okay?
I'm all right.
Fathima. just two minutes.
I have to discuss an official matter.
Yeah. sure.
Come.
Anwar...
I had to do that for
that Father back then.
When you are in the police.
you have to make some compromises for some
politicians and influential people. right?
This is also like that.
Leave it!
And... You and I are the only
people who know about this.
Benjamin...
He hasn't said
anything about this.
He's not going to say
anything now. either.
Do you think he'll see the
outside world after this?
After ripping apart and
killing so many policemen...
It is because you ruined
Benjamin's family.
and created unwavering vendetta
in him against the department.
innocent policemen got killed.
Are you going to hang on to the
right and wrong of this case?
Or... are you going to join as
the permanent criminologist
of the Kochi police department?
What I'm going to say now. are just
the assumptions of the police. sir.
Because Dr. Benjamin Louis has
not responded or co-operated...
... with the interrogation so far.
It is not clear to us what his
deal with cocaine Shameer was.
But our best guess
would be that...
maybe through the dark net or
through his contacts in America.
he would have brought cheap and untraceable
cocaine into Kochi for Shameer.
Through Shameer. Benjamin brought out the
second accused in this case. psycho Simon.
by creating a fire at the central jail.
and switching his body after that.
To arrange a hideout for him.
he found another mental patient who
was from Kochi - Aravindan Kartha.
Torturing policemen. must have
been the offer made to them.
A hamshed in the outskirts of Kochi.
so that nobody suspects them.
One among many pig farms.
A van which has been collecting food waste
from different hotels in the city.
for the past one or one and
a half years. to the farm.
They can use this van for
kidnapping or body dumping anytime.
There will be no doubt.
A torture room in the cold
storage of this pig farm.
So all the facilities he required were
designed and provided to him. sir.
It must be when he felt that his
assistants would be a burden on him.
he killed cocaine Shameer first.
When the police was
about to reach them.
he made it seem like Simon and
Kartha shot each other dead.
This is our brief. sir.
Why does he have such vengeance
against the police department?
He has not explained
such a motive yet. sir.
As I stated earlier.
this is just a primary analysis.
Benjamin. for the past few hours.
you've been giving haphazard answers
and avoiding the interrogation.
You know at some point...
you will have to say the truth!
Madam...
If you die as an
orphan in Amsterdam...
one of the poets of the city
will write a requiem for you.
and it will be recited
during your funeral.
Such a beautiful country. right?
Wonderful!
Anwar Hussain!
I thought you were dead!
I'm not dead.
Not yet.
You have my respect. man!
You brought this case so far. from a
spinner that Simon dropped by mistake.
You would definitely make a hell
of an investigator in the future.
And your plan was interesting.
To kill five policemen in total.
And only two of them
were your targets.
The other three were
random officers.
No one will be able to find out a direct
connection between these five people.
Because... there is
no such connection.
Finally!
Thank you!
But more than these
police officers.
more than the police department.
you should be having
vengeance against...
Father Bennett. right?
Father Bennett has been
missing for a while. right?
To rescue psycho
Simon from the jail.
the half-burned body that was thrown
into the fire. instead of him.
Father Bennett!
Doctor...
The truth will come out.
sooner or later.
Right now your life is in danger.
Since you've killed so
many policemen. they...
So. confess!
All the people who caused
this tragedy for you.
can be brought before the law!
I can help you in
any way you want...
We...
- Why?
To enjoy reading what the newspapers
and paparazzi write about me.
I'm not a usual psychopath who
wishes for a celebrity status.
My story and my revenge...
are all my privacy!
Anyhow. doctor...
You won't be having the
last laugh. anyway.
ACP Anil is still alive.
Then... one more Goddess of law
sculpture is still remaining. right?
Yes.
Goddess of law still remains!
The accused in the prolific
Goddess of law murder case.
Dr. Benjamin Louis will be
presented in court today.
Police had been interrogating Benjamin in
their secret custody. for the past 2 days.
Though there was an official announcement
that he would be presented at 10 AM.
it is almost 12 PM now.
and the police team hasn't
reached the court with him.
Higher police officials who
are in the court premises.
refused to respond
about the delay.
and this has given rise to conjectures
among the media and the people.
None of the investigating
officers related to the case.
have reached the court premises.
and this has created
further suspicion.
Yes.
- Isn't this ACP Anil sir's flat?
Who are you?
Rebecca!